---
title: Making progress
date: 2019-08-28
tags: ['first', 'vue']
image: ./images/bg.jpg
status: "live"
---
If, at this point, you are one of the few people who [follow me on the Twitters](https://twitter.com/jlabs_) you may have seen that I had a big booboo with this site.
Whilst I hand a lot of credit to [Level Up Tutorials](https://www.leveluptutorials.com/), following their Gridsome tutorials taught a decent amount, but I'd say I've learnt more Vue.js and GraphQL by furthering the site myself.

The initial booboo was that I had created my first component by myself - it was very simple, and the GraphQL query just gave a title. Which was good! My issue was that the component wouldn't appear on the page. Having the Vue.js tools for Chrome installed gave no error, in fact, it gave nothing. It wasn't until I remembered that the Chrome Developer console can also debug Vue.js that I, eventually, found the error. I had one extra 'l' in the word 'All' for the component name on the page. A quick press of backspace and it works!

Since then (this was last night), I've moved the navigation of this site to it's own component and added to the default layout. I've created a footer component to hold credit info and social links maybe. I've added a 'Projects' page to link to projects I shall be doing ... as good as it is making a To-Do app in just about every lanugage, I think I'll learn more by actually creating a product without a tutorial. The projects page was a little harder as I've added languages used and/or learnt for that project, and the languages are held in an array for each Project file. Just a quick trial, and I found I can re-use the v-for attribute to loop through the languages.

Next for the site is to get some styling done. There's a handy Tailwind plugin for Gridsome, but I'm also liking the [NES CSS framework](https://nostalgic-css.github.io/NES.css/). This site is also served from GitHub, then built by Netlify (as the site URL suggests). I may look at moving to Glitch to see if the whole site can be hosted there, but that's another step.

Bye!